Tea in a nutshell part 1: Extension configuration, installation and directory structure (#2136)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/Tutorials/Tea/Index.rst

..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt

..  index::
    Extbase; Tea
    Tutorial; Tea
    Tutorial Tea
..  _extbase_tutorial_tea:

=================
Tea in a nutshell
=================

The example extension :t3ext:`tea` was created as an example of best practises
on automatic code checks.

..  hint::
    If you want to learn more about automatic code checks
    see the :doc:`documentation of tea <ext_tea:Index>` and the chapter on
    :ref:`Testing <testing>` in this manual.

In this manual, however we will ignore the testing and just explain how this

> simple and very well tested example extension works.

Author: ```suggestion
 example extension works. The extension demonstrates basic functionality and is very well tested
```

..  attention::
    The example extension tea should not be used as a kickstarter or

>     template for your own extension. It is simply an example to be

Author: ```suggestion
    template for your own extension. It is an example to be
```

    studied and copied from.

Steps in this tutorial:

..  rst-class:: bignums-xxl

#.  :ref:`Extension configuration and installation <extbase_tutorial_tea_extension_configuration>`

    Create the files needed to have a minimal running extension and install it.

#.  :ref:`Directory structure <extbase_tutorial_tea_extension_configuration>`

    Have a look at the directory structure of the example extension and learn
    which files should go where.

..  note::

>     This tutorial is work in progress. As we want to prevent epic pull requests,

Reviewer: I like this :-)

Author: :)
